hey guys austral I brought 131 here come
at you with an update of the 55-gallon
high-tech planted tank and as you can
see it looks quite a bit different got
some new plants and new stuff going on
I'll start with plants I got some a
couple plans for mr. mom I got some
little wiggy our weapons which is doing
well i started dosing iron twice a week
so it's getting redder and redder also
got some rotala in the back growing like
mad I've had to cut that down a couple
times looking it's getting all thick in
the back and I got some Valley believe
it's Italian bell and got those plans
for mr. mom and I go there's one bulb I
got in the pack of 5 that made it and
grew out I think it's called a pawn
sheet on if that's how you say it or not
I really like this plant it almost looks
like a big trip that's pretty cool and
so plants are pretty go or they're
growing pretty well everything's doing
well I got a lot of leaves from the
weapons but it's still adjusting really
excited about this pearl weed carpet
it's carpeting nicely a lot of its
starting the layover it's looking a bit
thin and places but hopefully I'm going
to get some more from a buddy JW Heiser
so I can get a full thick carpet going
on so it's been doing really well I also
got the star grass the star grasses
growing crazy it's um getting really
thick really green looks awesome I might
get some more of that from someone but
we'll see a lot to see and also got some
I tied some moss to the driftwood which
I thought was moss but turns out it's a
little bit moss and a whole lot of green
hair algae not too happy about that I
just cut it yesterday and as you can see
it's growing pretty long and not happy
at all so I'm gonna see what I'm going
to do with that I'm not too sure maybe
you guys can help me out with that
please tell me
think in the comments below whether I
should maybe like doses tank with the
algae fix or just keep it cutting or
should I just take it out altogether but
anyway if you guys could help me out
with that that'd be awesome um got some
new fish got four new roaming those
tetras making a nice school now of
course they're not schooling together so
well when I'm making this video but they
do select the school a lot and I also
got a red-eye rant rainbow which is he's
doing pretty well and I really like him
also one last thing I got some new
equipment I got a DIY co 2 reactor /
diffuser whatever you want to call it
which is basically a small Rio pump a
gravel vac and an air stone with some
fluval sponge to defuse it it's doing
really well diffuses the co2 nicely it
lingers a lot which gives the co2 a lot
of contact with water which is pretty
good and I also want to show you guys my
algae scrubber which is doing fantastic
i'm going to actually clean it today
it's been up for two maybe almost three
weeks now so it's doing pretty good I
just want to show you guys that so
thanks for watching the video guys don't
forget to like the video leave a comment
below tell me what you think what you
think I should do with this algae and
don't forget to subscribe see ya